I
Andrew here with Barry reporter calm and
today I'm going to show you the
PlayStation theme by BBN now I'm a big
video game nerd so when they let me know
that they were working on this theme I
was actually very excited and it doesn't
disappoint so I'll give you a quick look
around the theme now this is for the
blackberry torch 9800 so up at the top
here you have your categories much like
the PlayStation user interface so your
first category right here has four user
definable icons based on your
application menu so as you can see I've
selected phone whether messages and
contacts and they show up there just to
give you a quick idea next you have a
web category which gives you your
browser YouTube Twitter and Facebook
from there you have a messages icon that
will open up your messages application
now the great thing about this theme is
you click on this arrow here and it will
bring over three more icons so your next
one is instant messaging from there you
have media and lastly you have some
settings so clock
manage connections and your options menu
up at the top here your clock is also
clickable which will open up the
application and in the bottom left
corner you have a menu button which will
open up your application menu your
network is displayed in the bottom right
hand corner along with any notifications
which will go down in the taskbar here
as you can see I have one instant
message if you have more it will show up
here so overall very nice theme if
you're into the PlayStation user
interface this is definitely one to
check out again by BB in a great job
guys loving your themes thanks